Security enhanced Linux or S.E Linux is a security architecture for Linux systems that allows administrators
to have more control over who can access the system.
As part of the Android security model.
Android uses security enhanced Linux to enforce mandatory access control Mac over all processes.
Even processes running with root or super user privileges.
With AC Linux, Android can better protect and confine system services, control access to application
data and system logs, as well as reduce the effects of malicious software and protect users from potential
flaws in code on mobile devices.
So I see Linux operates on the principle of default denial.
In other words, anything not explicitly allowed is denied.
As he reneges can operate in two global moat's.
Permissive mode in which permission denials are logged, but not enforced.
Enforcing Moad.
In which permission denials are both logged and enforced.
So Android includes Essy Linux in enforcing mode and a corresponding security policy.
Enforcing mode disallowed actions are prevented and all attempted violations are logged by the colonel.
The policy can only be changed by an administrator and users cannot override or bypass it in order to,
for example, grant everyone access to their own files.
As Equinix has been integrated in the mainline kernel for more than 10 years.
So as a version four out three, Android integrates a modified SC Linux version from the security enhancements
for Android or C Android project in Android.
So I see Linux's used to isolate core system demons and user applications in different security domains
and to define different access policies for each domain.